DM-25472: Update developer guide to reflect post-conda-transition baselines (#407)
lsst-dm/dm_dev_guide: stack/platforms.rst

Introduction
============

> The LSST Data Management software is required to be portable across many compute platforms ranging from high-performance computing centers to laptops (refer to DMS-REQ-0308 in :lse:`61`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Science Pipelines software is required to be portable across many compute platforms ranging from high-performance computing centers to laptops (refer to DMS-REQ-0308 in :lse:`61`).
```

Author: I'm going to write this as “the Science Pipelines are...”, but otherwise :+1:.
